ABOUT
-----
Python client library for Kyoto Tycoon. For more information on
Kyoto Tycoon please refer to the official project website:

  http://fallabs.com/kyototycoon/

This library's interface follows the preferred interface
provided by Kyoto Tycoon's original author(s):

  http://fallabs.com/kyototycoon/kyototycoon.idl

There is currently no documentation for this software but in
the meantime please see the file "kyototycoon.py" for the
interface.

This fork includes cursor support and significant performance
improvements over the original library. It also supports unicode
keys and works with both Python 2.x and 3.x.

The more efficient binary protocol is also supported along with
the HTTP protocol. It provides a performance improvement of up
to 6x, but only the following operations are available:

  * ``get()`` and ``get_bulk()``
  * ``set()`` and ``set_bulk()``
  * ``remove()`` and ``remove_bulk()``
  * ``play_script()``

Other operations will throw a ``NotImplementedError`` exception
but, as a last resort, it's always possible to have two
KyotoTycoon objects open to the same server, one using HTTP and
the other using the binary protocol.

The library does automatic packing and unpacking (marshalling)
of values coming from/to the database. The following data
storage formats are available by default:

  * ``KT_PACKER_PICKLE`` - Python "pickle" format.
  * ``KT_PACKER_JSON`` - JSON format (compact representation).
  * ``KT_PACKER_STRING`` - Strings (UTF-8).
  * ``KT_PACKER_BYTES`` - Binary data.

There is also a ``KT_PACKER_CUSTOM`` format available where you
can specify your own object to do the marshalling. This object
needs to provide the following two methods:

  * ``.pack(self, data)`` - convert "data" to ``bytes()``
  * ``.unpack(self, data)`` - convert "data" from ``bytes()``

Marshalling is done for all methods except ``play_script()``,
because the server can return data in more than one format at
once. The caller will most likely know the type of data that
the called script returns and must do the marshalling itself.


INSTALLATION
------------
Using pip::

    pip install python-kyototycoon

Or, from source::

    python setup.py build
    sudo python setup.py install


AUTHORS
-------
  * Toru Maesaka <dev@torum.net>
  * Stephen Hamer <stephen.hamer@upverter.com>

Binary protocol support was added by Carlos Rodrigues based
on Ulrich Mierendorff's code with only minimal changes to make
it fit this library. You can find the original library at the
following URL:

  http://www.ulrichmierendorff.com/software/kyoto_tycoon/python_library.html
